summer is slowly fading and autumn is
creeping up on us the leaves are turning
colors and there's a slight chill in the
air which means time for fall clothing
i'm going to show you three outfit ideas
that i think will be great for the
upcoming fall season
this first outfit i would call smart
casual it's low-key because of the
shorts but combined with some leather
and a cropped blazer jacket it turns it
up just a notch these brown wool shorts
are from forever 21 and combined them
with black tights the Blazers from Vera
Moda and adds sophistication but also
playfulness and a shape with the
slightly puffed shoulders now since
there's some brown in the shorts i went
for brown leather gathered boots from
steve madden with a medium heel and i
combine that with a brown leather
handbag that i bought in Italy are
wearing a knit sweater underneath from
New Yorker in a beautiful dark over
Sheen color which is very on trend for
fall this water has an interesting and
detailed neckline with some buttoning so
in that case I think it's best to just
leave out the scarf I think this outfit
would be really cute for school or for
meeting your friends for coffee it
pretty much just goes anywhere what am I
must has for fall and also for winter is
one really spectacular coat I think it's
worth investing in one that you really
love and that you'll get a lot of use
out of I bought this asymmetrical flared
wool coat from a sauce last year at the
end of the season on a huge discount I
absolutely love the neckline of this
coat it's really unusual now don't be
afraid of color there's absolutely
nothing wrong with wearing bright red
even in fall on colder days I just have
to wear a scarf and I absolutely adore
this houndstooth infinity scarf by Vera
Moda it's neutral colors but the pattern
makes it interesting and goes perfect
with a solid block of color such as this
bread constitute is so in right now I've
seen lots of scarves and jackets in this
pattern for the rest this outfit I
combined it with some gray skinny leg
jeans from bershka these are really
comfy because they have a stretch
material so they really fit your figure
I'm also wearing a black cotton and mesh
fabric tank top with a zip-up back which
is from H&M now this is fine for now but
when it gets colder I'll definitely be
going for long sleeves I totally forgot
to show you my purse for this outfit but
I often like to match my handbag to my
shoes so if I'm wearing black shoes I'll
go for a black handbag now that's not a
must but it definitely takes a
lot of the guesswork out for shoes I'm
wearing rugged biker saw black leather
boots by bull boxer they're really
comfortable and can be combined with so
many outfits the buckles add an
interesting detail this last outfit is
more of an edgy all-black look that
might not be to everyone's taste but I
personally love this style I went for
some structured leggings from zara which
have some cool details on the sides and
zippers on the ankles I combined it with
a long top from Vera Moda that goes over
my hips and a chunky leather belt from
code on the top I'm wearing a cropped
leather look jacket from hmmm which is
really on trend this season now since
this outfit is all black I wanted to add
one eye catching color detail so I went
for this cool Union Jack infinity scarf
from New Yorker it's lightweight and
easy to wear because the colors are
muted for full so they're not glaring
red and blue my persons from an online
shop and inspired by Marc Jacobs for
accessories I went with his nifty armor
ring by the brand just access you can
actually bend your fingers just find
wearing this ring I think it just looks
so cool and eye-catching I'm also
wearing these silver spike earrings from
a sauce for shoes i went for black
leather wedge platform ankle boots from
the brand vagabond they make really good
quality shoes and i just love the
simplicity of them again they can be
worn with so many outfits i'm actually
really comfortable to walk in so that's
it i hope you enjoyed these outfit ideas
if you did please make sure to like this
video and also check me out on Instagram
where I post my outfit thanks for
watching and please subscribe bye
awkward there's like a woman standing
right there watching me I can't she
won't go away well it's just great
there's like people coming at the
slowest tempo up the road that's way for
those guys to pass